I can see it.
Focusing...
p4 kun would have my respect if he didn't act like a 50 year old trapped in a teenager's body.
why p3 kun lookin like yusuke.
When someone looks at me funny I shout ARSENE to scare them off.
At the diner getting delicious pancakes.
Sometimes I try to sing along to Last Surprise without the girls catching me.
Ok Google... How to get big tiddy goth gf.
Ok Google... Top 10 negotiation tips.
Ok Google... How to get in your teammate's DMs.
Ok Google... Long-nosed man in dreams.
Ok Google... Age of consent in Japan.
Ok Google... How to dispose a dead cat.
Ok Google... Cat shelters in Tokyo.
Anyone know good hangout spots in Tokyo?
PERSONA GET!
*pushes up glasses* hmm
Let's do it.
I should write something.
I can feel it.
One day p4 kun will get out of the partnerzone.
Anyone need some meds? I have an in at Takemi's.
Prosecutor's sister or Boss's daughter...
Lmao all these kids say they can't get a job I just picked up a flyer.
YES!
I'm starting to think Yusuke might be gay.
Teacher... maid... teacher... maid... teacher... maid...
How do I tell Goro his hairstyle is, well, you know...
Why does nobody believe me when I tell them about the long-nosed man?
I wish my friends would listen to me when I tell them about the bomb-ass personas I fuse.
I don't think my bond with Mr. Hiruta will deepen just yet.
Ryuji asked me about marriage at a meeting and I said "with which one." Oops.
Fuck the adults! Comin' straight from Mementos. A young thief got it bad 'cause he an upstanding citizen.
Kawakami-san Chi no maid teacher: Coming to Yongen this fall.
DO NOT buy the Aojiru in Shibuya good LORD OH MY GOD!!
Hi my name is Ren Mammamia and I let a cat run my life.
Hi my name is Akira Kurusu and I live in a coffee shop.
Shoutouts to the guy in 2-C who doesn't call me out for having a cat in my desk.
I swear if Ryuji says "Phantom Thieves" one more time in public...
Y'all know I'm a Falco main.
Makoto is a dirty Fox main.
Yusuke would be a Marth main.
Got my model gun, full thief suit, I think you know what happened next.
Coffee! Curry! Chicken!.
Man Makoto leaving the back enterance to the Student Council room open for me is very convenient.
Helping Makoto broaden her horizons is great and all but I was almost worried she'd become a normie.
I wish Futaba wouldn't feed when she doesn't get mid in Dota.
Futaba never swaps off Hanzo.
*takes out model gun* Don't come to the Metaverse tomorrow.
I need some of those chocolate gold coins to give to Morgana.
Yusuke needs to stop shouting FURSONA during battle.
Ryuji is boosted.
Add me on xbox gamertag xX_TrumpCard_xX.
Why does Ann want me to make a Tinder?
Makoto kicked us off the school roof but she lets Haru do whatever she wants up there smh.
I can't believe I had to spend Christmas Eve in Mementos.
Futaba will call Mementos Memetoes and then act like nothing happened.
Coffee, like thievery, is an art form.
Yes Ryuji, I'm ready for the Phantom Thieves meeting.
Futaba is great and all but I get PISSED when she zerg rushes me and then screams MEGAKEK.
Gardening with Haru taught me that Haru is a very boring person.
I like to make Ryuji sad by not doing an all out attack and just finishing the job myself.
I'm rich so I just buy meds instead of having useless Morgana in my starter party.
Why do internet people call me Ren I'm not a fucking bird.
I accidentally called Makoto Takemi yesterday thank god they haven't met. Better than calling her Sae though lmao.
It worries me that Yusuke just happened to have a katana on hand when he joined the Phantom Thieves.
I look forward to talking to Igor in my dreams but those twins just have ZERO chill.
I get why my velvet room is a prison, but why is p4 kun's a LIMO?
[insert line about having confidence here]
The little yellow notes I get when I get a question right are really satisfying. That's my motivation to study. Not to mention studying gets me MORE YELLOW NOTES!
Sometimes I let Ryuji negotiate with shadows but he always ends up killing them out of anger.  Dude has some issues.
















